This is the fifth master and the fifth master
What are you doing?
These people injured my son
Challenge our four gangs
We are about to teach them a profound lesson
Let them know
4 watts of Wang Hui cannot be humiliated
I, the king of heaven and earth, cannot be humiliated
Zhangye is here now
You dare to stand in front of Lord Tiger
Can you repeat what you said before?
What are you talking about? You're still pretending to be stupid, right?
I knew it!
Wei Wei, what are you still standing for?
Tiger Lord is here
You can't die with him
Lord Zhang Yihu has already come
Just apologize
Admit your mistake
I will pay more money and ask Tiger Lord's forgiveness.
Okay, I, I, uh
In this world
Except I owe you mother and daughter
I don't owe anyone anything.
Even Wang Xiaohu is not qualified for this